FOCUS #232: BilledCost metric review (#233)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/metrics/billedcost.md

# Billed Cost

> The Billed Cost represents a charge inclusive of the impacts of volume/tier-based rates, negotiated discounts, and commitment-based discounts while not amortizing upfront charges (one-time or recurring). This cost is denominated in the [Billing Currency](#billingcurrency). The Billed Cost is used to perform FinOps capabilities that require cash-basis accounting such as cost allocation, budgeting, and invoice reconciliation.

Author: ```suggestion
The Billed Cost represents a charge inclusive of all reduced rates and discounts while not amortizing upfront charges (one-time or recurring). This cost is denominated in the [Billing Currency](#billingcurrency). The Billed Cost is used to perform FinOps capabilities that require cash-basis accounting such as cost allocation, budgeting, and invoice reconciliation.
```

Reviewer: Given the relationship between List -> Negotiated -> Billed, I think being more explicit is better than grouping into 'all'

Reviewer 2: B looks good

Author: Discussed and resolved at the meeting. Opted for: _A charge serving as the basis for invoicing, inclusive of all reduced rates and discounts while excluding the amortization of upfront charges (one-time or recurring)._
